---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This week I started the Netflix project. When professor Downing explained the project in class it seemed like a pretty daunting task. Given that I have no experience with any type of machine learning algorithms I was expecting quite the challenge. After meeting with my partner early in the week and taking a deeper look into the project it became pretty clear what needed to be done. We came up with a plan and laid all the ground work for the assignment. It’s been a while since I worked on a project completely from scratch, but the general set up was very similar to the first project, so it didn’t take too long to get the ball rolling.

<h2>What’s in my way?</h2>

Once again the instructions for the project are slightly vague. Generally speaking, my partner and I know what needs to be done and have come up with a few plans on how to approach the problem. However, the part we aren’t sure about that has been holding us back is how to handle loading the cache and input files into our standard in. We were up to needing the cache information on Thursday and we were unable to find a clear instruction on how to do so. We spent some time talking with other students and checking Piazza for answers, however, we weren’t able to find a definite one that the graders approve of. Questions like “Where will the caches be located during testing” and “How do we access them” took time to figure out. Our initial idea was to have the cache.txt files located in our directory, but we aren’t able to confirm if that is how the grades will pass in the cache. Getting these questions answered has been the most difficult part of the assignment.

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

Next week is the CNS career fair and I have a midterm for one of my non CS classes. I am trying to finish the Netflix project by Monday at the latest and then focus in on the career fair on Tuesday and leave my schedule open for studying and hopefully some first round interviews. 

<h2>Tip of the week:</h2>

If you are looking for a one hour cs class to take that is extremely useful look into the Competitive Programming (CS104c) class. Every semester I find myself telling myself that I will set aside time to practice interview programming questions in my spare time. But when it comes down to it I usually end up quite busy during the semester and don’t use up my free time to try some of the questions on HackerRank, CodeForce, etc. My logic is if I am in the class I will force myself to do the problems because they are for a grade not just for fun/practice. 
